Add DEM parameters documentation (#331)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/dem/model_parameters.rst

Model Parameters
-------------------

> In this subsection, DEM simulation parameters are defined. These parameters include ``contact detection method`` and its subsequent information (``dynamic contact search size coefficient`` **or** ``contact detection frequency`` for ``dynamic`` **or** ``constant`` contact detection method), ``repartition method`` (``once``, ``frequent`` or ``dynamic``) for ``load balancing`` (in parallel simulations), ``particle weight`` which defines the particle weight compared to a default ``cell weight`` of 1000, ``neighborhood threshold`` (which defines the contact neighbor list size: ``neighborhood threshold`` * particle diameter), ``particle particle contact force method``, ``particle wall contact force method`` and ``integration method``. 

Reviewer: I would explain these model parameters after the sections is introduced. Or otherwise, you can explain it in sentences outside of notes. The goal is to be as didactic as possible.

Author: moved.

> .. note::
>     In ``constant`` contact search, Lethe-DEM searches for particle-particle and particle-wall collisions at a constant frequency (every ``contact detection frequency`` iterations). Normally, ``contact detection frequency`` should be selected in the range of 5-50. Small values of ``contact detection frequency`` lead to long simulation times, while large values of ``contact detection frequency`` may lead to late detection of collisions. Late detection of collisions can result in very large particles velocities (popcorn jump of particles in a simulation) or particles leaving the simulation domain.
> 
> .. note::
>     In ``dynamic`` contact search, Lethe-DEM searches for particle-particle and particle-wall collisions automatically. In ``dynamic`` contact search, Lethe-DEM predicts (using the velocities of particles at each iteration) and stores (adds up) the displacements of each particle in the simulation. If the maximum displacement of particles exceeds the smallest contact search criterion (explained in the following), then the iteration is recognized as a contact detection iteration.

Reviewer: I would try something like this : 

```suggestion
Particle-particle contact search is a costly operation in DEM simulations. If the contact detection is not carried out as optimally as possible, DEM simulations can be slowed down significantly. Lethe supports two mechanism to detect the contact between particles. 
* By setting ``contact detection method = constant``. contact search will be carried out at constant frequency (every ``contact detection frequency`` iterations). Normally, the ``contact detection frequency`` should be a value between 5 and 50. The contact frequency should be chosen such that the particles do not travel more than half a cell between two contact detection. Small values of ``contact detection frequency`` lead to long simulation times, while large values of ``contact detection frequency`` may lead to late detection of collisions. Late detection of collisions can result in very large particles velocities (popcorn jump of particles in a simulation) or particles leaving the simulation domain.
* By setting ``contact detection method = dynamic``, Lethe-DEM rebuilds the contact lists automatically. In this mode, Lethe-DEM stores the displacements of each particle in the simulation since the last contact detection. If the maximum displacement of a particle exceeds the smallest contact search criterion (explained in the following), then the iteration is a contact search iteration and the contact list is rebuilt.
```

> Smallest contact search criterion is defined as:

Reviewer: What is smallest contact search criterion? You need to explain where this comes from.

Author: explained.

To optimize the computational performance of Lethe-DEM, the contact search is performed in two steps (broad and fine contact searches). In broad contact search, neighbor particles in adjacent cells are stored in a list. Then this list of adjacent particles is refined once more in the fine search. More information about the contact search algorithm in Lethe-DEM can be found `here <https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.09576>`_ . In the fine search, the particles (from the output list of broad search) which are located in a spherical region around each particle are stored in another list and sent to force calculation class. The diameter of this spherical region :math:`{D}` around each particle is defined as:

.. math::
    D={\alpha}d_p^{max}

where :math:`{d_p^{max}}` denotes the maximum particle size in the simulation.

* According to the definition of the spherical region in the fine search and contact force (equation above), the value of the ``neighborhood threshold`` :math:`{\alpha}` must be larger than 1. It is generally defined in the range of 1.3-1.5.

> .. note::

Reviewer: Move out of note.

.. math::
    W=1000+W_pn_p

where :math:`{W_p}` is the ``particle weight`` and :math:`{n_p}` is the number of particles in the cell. 1000 is the default weight assigned to one cell.

Selecting ``repartition method = once``, requires defining the step at which the code calls load balancing (``load balance step``). ``Dynamic`` ``repartition method`` requires defining ``load balance frequency``, and in ``dynamic`` ``repartition method``, we should define ``load balance threshold`` and ``dynamic load balance check frequency``. In ``dynamic`` load balancing, the code checks the distribution of particles among the processors, every ``dynamic load balance check frequency`` steps, and if

.. math::
    L_{max}-L_{min}>{\beta}\bar{L}

it calls load-balancing. :math:`{L}` and :math:`{\beta}` denote computational load on a process and ``load balance threshold``, respectively.

> .. note::

Reviewer: Move out of note.

  set dynamic contact search size coefficient           = 0.9
  set contact detection frequency                       = 20

  # Load balancing method and its subsequent information
  set load balance method                               = frequent
  set load balance frequency                            = 200000
  set load balance particle weight                      = 10000

  # Particle-particle contact neighborhood size
  set neighborhood threshold                            = 1.6

  # Particle-particle contact force model
  # Choices are linear|hertz_mindlin_limit_overlap|hertz_mindlin_limit_force|hertz
  set particle particle contact force method            = hertz_mindlin_limit_overlap

  # Particle-wall contact force model
  # Choices are linear|nonlinear
  set particle wall contact force method                = nonlinear

  # Integration method
  # Choices are euler|velocity_verlet
  set integration method                                = velocity_verlet

  # Rolling resistance method
  # choices are no_resistance|constant_resistance|viscous_resistance

>   set rolling resistance torque method                  = no_resistance

Reviewer: It would be good to start a theory page where we give the formulas for the contact models, the time integrator, etc. i'll take care of that.

Author: This is a very interesting idea.
